Copyright (C)2000 - 2016 - Ansgar Becker

HeidiSQL is free. You don't have to pay for it, and you can use it any
way you want. It is developed as an Open Source project under the GNU
General Public License (GPL). That means you have full access to the source
code of this program. You can find it at SourceForge here:
https://sourceforge.net/p/heidisql/code/

The General Public License (GPL) is shipped with the installer-package and
should be located in the same folder as this file (gpl.txt).

If you simply wish to install and use this software, you need only be aware
of the disclaimer conditions in the license, which are set out below.

NO WARRANTY

Because the program is licensed free of charge, there is no warranty for the
program, to the extent permitted by applicable law.  Except when otherwise
stated in writing the copyright holders and/or other parties provide the
program "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied,
including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and
fitness for a particular purpose.  The entire risk as to the quality and
performance of the program is with you.  Should the program prove defective,
you assume the cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction.
In no event unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing will
any copyright holder, or any other party who may modify and/or redistribute
the program as permitted above, be liable to you for damages, including any
general, special, incidental or consequential damages arising out of the use
or inability to use the program (including but not limited to loss of data
or data being rendered inaccurate or losses sustained by you or third
parties or a failure of the program to operate with any other programs),
even if such holder or other party has been advised of the possibility of
such damages.
